hey guys doublelift here interviewing
this freelancer travis cafard lost his
job I'm sorry what are you gonna do now
uh I don't know I've just I'm actually
looking today I became homeless and I'm
looking for someone to help me out hey
ma I guess is how I would put it
Wow well good luck finding that person
yeah but my room is full of people who
really just read all the counselors it's
like does this weed Travis is gonna have
to go live with doublelift now I was
like beer god no I would love that
actually did you can crash them like
that any time wait in your okay yep Evan
I have a have a big bed yeah okay
I was good I can't why is it in your bed
can I crash on your couch under my bed
okay what are you take over oh really
you don't have any other questions for
me you said use you said you wanted to
interview me all right well let me
redouble that first question what's next
you troll what is next
a lot of people have asked me that
question a lot of people ask me that
question like literally one hour after
we announced it and they're kind of like
I don't know like for instance if you
got cake from TSN a days people are like
what team are you joining you'd be like
I thought you know I just got kicked I
don't know what's happening so I don't
know what's next I'm gonna post a little
video on my youtube channel just says
for the short term I'm going to be doing
my own thing and helping hoping to kind
of crowd fund some stuff while I figure
out what's next but I know a knobblies
going to be doing stuff with me too so
it'll be fun you know wow yeah do you
know Amelie she's read its favorite wait
really
but not you so not your favorite right
you're my favorite okay you my boy
alright I'll take over the interview so
that actually there's some sort of value
to this all right I don't know what
you're doing um let's talk though so
first off teamliquid
which a lot of people consider to be one
of the worst teams in this LCS right now
first off do you think they were in the
worst teams yeah obviously their record
sucks and they didn't play super well
today but I think I guess we're just
we're still trying to figure things out
you know everything my thing right now
is just trying to figure things that's
not true that's the truth a lot of teams
are what they're doing in LCS is they
are figuring what's best for their team
at the moment and they focus completely
on winning
that weekend matches it's different like
oh we're really good at this comp UK
let's let's pretend like it's like
Orianna Caitlyn okay this is our team
comp we can play Tori Caitlyn every
single time is up in scrims they get it
they dropped around it they practice
around it then on stage they play it and
it looks really good looks really
practice it's something that they've
played probably 20 hours that we go for
30 hours and then okay like in the
long-term though like if the meta
changes or if you know maybe sometimes
we counter to that then they've
essentially wasted all that practice
where I feel like for us we are like
really focused on making sure that were
absolutely the best all-around team and
so like each week we'll try something
new and each week we'll we'll try it
like we try to make Galia work really
hard because it's really popular in
Korea and it has a really high one right
there too so what we're trying to do is
like make the best possible team instead
of focusing on winning completely that
week's matches because we put 30 games
where Burano control major time on its a
sandy PSAT carry we're going to win
monitor person we're going to win we're
never going to lose but it's not
exciting if it's like that you know
because we want we focus on worlds and
playoffs not exciting you got to keep it
exciting by making it look like you're
going to lose the team liquid we didn't
looked at look here you got early game
was so bad yeah so yeah I mean talk to
me a little bit about the Team Liquid
games because that first one for a while
it looks like you guys were going to
lose and I was going to laugh really
hard I would have been so sad imagine if
teyla could have set us in two times you
know once in spring with me once in
summer against me no I think the for me
like my perspective of the game was just
I was taking any ass because Zyra Khan
is like really easy to abuse early and
you know it's essentially like a melee
support with it's an ad carry that has
really low range and they piglet and
Matt played the match up really well and
then on top of that the thing that
really sucked was the first game they
had Thalia who's like a massive roaming
champion mid and then reignover is just
like he's just destroying both like all
300 lines he out farmed he's he's Olaf
and also Raina was great pathing so like
he out farmed our jungler by two levels
gank bought him early to set the matchup
up so that we would lose forever then
gank top blue flash then gank up again
and killed him like reign over his was
and then he ganked bottom like right
after that like he was up and farm up in
like
temple the whole game and gang crushers
so like basically we're just trying to
hang on and survive which we did a
really bad job of and then we learned
like oh maybe it will be harder to
survive their little game with magic
that early game champions against a
better team so you know it was like a
good learning experience for us I think
other than that how are things going on
TSM I mean you've been competing with
them now for three weeks so I think
things are progressing really well I
feel like I've definitely improved a lot
since the very beginning and I've
started to find like the kind of spots
where I need to I need to just like
focus and double down on certain aspects
of the game but generally I feel I feel
actually look really happy
you know today it looked like I was just
getting dumpster League game I feel like
most of it had to do with the matchup
and the way that we played level one but
overall I feel really good like I feel
like I'm definitely improving the
fastest out of any ad carry right now
and yeah I mean it sounds really cocky
but I work super hard and I'm like
really proud of of the grind that I've
been putting in and I think it'll pay
off within the next few weeks or at
playoffs where people will see that I'm
like a really complete player now where
before I was like oh it's pretty bad if
I wasn't getting resources right and now
you can succeed even without resources
yeah I think I can find my role in any
game and I'm just I'm just constantly
working hard to make sure like I don't
slip up and let other players like get
better than me yeah I do want to ask you
about this because I think in spring
there was a lot of conversation around
the idea that like hauntzer had really
stepped up and that there were now
resources getting fed to him instead of
bot lane and like he was the guy that
was going to start leading the team and
carrying and then then you come back and
that was kind of your role previously on
TSM and like has there been this kind of
disconnect between the strategy where
it's like the hunter game of course the
double if game you know what I'm talking
about yeah yeah I'm especially since top
and bot are so disconnected in like the
general you cannot gank top and bottom
because they're offices as a map equally
like yes I basically pick one and it's
to play more towards that slides on the
other side so like yeah it's a people
who question who is you know putting on
the carry pants and like really take
trying to take the most resources it'll
just depend game to game the fact that
we have a top laner who knows how to
call for resources and like play with
the lead
and extend that lead to the rest of the
team is just as important as like being
bio for us being able to do the same
thing so like depending on the meta if
top lane is tanks and it's really a tank
then me and mr. will step up and if
bottom Lane is pure utility and top lane
is like carries then we need to be able
to do the other thing so I'm uh like
just depending on Campion like for
example when I plays I recon we're
taking to the as for the first like six
minutes guaranteed so I'm not really
going to call for too many resources
unless is absolutely free yeah by the
way did you know I just that last thing
we're used to taking and they ask did
you know that you can cuss again and I
did we won't get censored oh my god yeah
that's awesome that's awesome you know
what I asked and the postgame interview
I was like I can't really express myself
anymore without cussing because eSports
and then I was thinking ah but if I
cussed in this interview they want
interview me again and after dinner I
was like am I allowed to say you know
like bad words you know not like f-bombs
anything but I'm allowed to say bad
words and they're like yeah you're
fucking double if you can do whatever
you want I'm like oh my god like yes
stage no no not on stage not on stage it
was that it was after RIF said that to
me I was like thank you ribs the rib is
encouraging prepared on a broadcast I
didn't mean to serve under the bus but I
you know I was it was hard for me to
express myself I was gonna say talk shit
and then I was like talk trash yeah well
that's okay now you know this contents
going out no we're professional at all
so you can just cause as much as your
private youtube channel yeah yeah just
list your tiny unpacked YouTube channel
no I'm just I'm just like it was six
years ago
life is a wheel alright alright talk to
me a little bit about what you're doing
in the free time these days do you have
any free time like I feel like I heard
this split that all the players and
teams like I do every split are going to
try to live a more balanced life so so
talk to me about if that's happening and
if you're able to enjoy it yeah so you
know one thing is that we it's only been
three weeks but we have had one Monday
off so far what the first Monday was a
player summit and then this Monday or
last Monday was free and then this one
is also free so the schedule is that
Monday's should generally be off you
know it's like almost guarantee that
Monday's are going to be off
living in balance left cell no chance
while you're pro no chance at all you
know like I can't really I can't really
be comfortable if I know that something
else is for actually more than me and
just I feel like just a competitive
nature of it you know like if you really
want to be great then you to put in the
extra hours and if you don't then you're
going to slack off and and that's just
that's just what it is I hate when pro
players are trying to like weasel their
way into getting more free time because
there's no such thing yeah wait weren't
you but I thought you want to live a
more balanced lifestyle I tried yeah I
did and so you know I tried streaming
and I was like no this isn't right and
then I was like what if Monday's were
what if I just like only had fun on
Mondays and then I was like now this
isn't really right either so I feel like
if you really want to be on top of your
game yeah you can't you can't live a
balanced life and I've come to accept
that do you want to hang out this Monday
so I'm actually really free on well yeah
okay we'll get dinner we get dinner I
practice during the day and then wait
you are practicing during the day as I
supposed to be off well yeah I mean it's
supposed to be off but I'm glad we did
we've had dream like you can do whatever
you want right like no one's gonna be
like you guys got to practice on Monday
and no one even like really encourages
it and it's not look down upon to take
it off either but I mean it's going to
be I'm gonna be really sad when I look
back at the end of the at the end of the
year something and I'm like oh I took
ten mondays off and I wonder how many
like faker took off yeah you know that's
that'll might make a difference at
Worlds I don't I love nothing to do for
one day okay okay I got it well they
will have dinner that's fine like even
before they'll just be sitting in my
apartment waiting to get dinner with you
oh my god okay fine you can do that just
don't get livery we get lunch and dinner
you go to the unemployment office see if
they have any health a for you oh and
it's so great working any sports is
there anything that you would like to
say to any of the fans out there yeah I
guess thanks for I think thanks for the
fans for giving a positive attitude
towards us I think people are really
well they're very receptive to the idea
that like we're trying new things so
we're not just going to play the same
team comps every single game and yeah I
was surprised because you know people o
people might think of that as like very
cocky that we that we look past that
week of LCS and I'm just really happy
that my fans are super supportive and
lately I've just been in a really
because mostly because you know the fans
are super nice and interacting with them
has been really great and yep
hope you guys have a good day and please
support Travis sees he's struggling now
he's a struggling guy can't even afford
shoes I just have flip-flops on him
dumpster
normally my camera person would pan down
so you can see them but the equipment
that I work with doesn't really allow so
primitive this is actually I have no
idea of this interviews gonna even come
out we were having much technical issues
beforehand like the audio might be crap
cross my fingers we're still figuring
all this out I bought all some of this
stuff this morning so anyway thank you
so much for the interview Peter you can
check out whatever it is that I'm doing
and really we're still figuring that out
right here wherever you're watching this
fuck by whatever you watch it is I love
that they all hope you enjoyed the
interview if you want to support me you
can buy me a coffee or dinner or a
Porsche over at Travis CARICOM slash
support